# amazinyeshuwanna-Amazin-Yeshuwanna-Money-The-Blockchain-Powered-Economy-Education-Board-Game-System-
Introducing Amazin Yeshuwanna Money: The Blockchain Powered (Economy Education Board Game System) Gaming Token Exchange Smart Contract Events. Post image www.amazinyeshuwanna.com  Hello World of Cryptocurrency,   Introducing Amazin Yeshuwanna Money: The Blockchain Powered (Economy Education Board Game System) Gaming Token Exchange Smart Contract Events.  Amazin Yeshuwanna Money connects Developers to Decentralized Programmable Blockchain Resources to create a new paradigm of online players holding gaming tokens and hosting players gaming token events in dApp's Smart Contract exchanges and rewards!  Amazin Yeshuwanna Money is a proprietary set of tools that allows developers to program their own gaming applications using our white-label system. We ensure that compliance and safety are handled on the professional level, freeing developers to focus on the content and form of their gaming dApp's and not on the underlying infrastructure. We believe this will greatly reduce the barrier of entry for online gaming firms, lead to a proliferation of gaming token dApp's, and unlock a new multi-billion dollar, regulated blockchain-gaming industry.  Hold, Game, Compete, Exchange.   Welcome to the World of Tokenomics  Economy Education Board Game System.  Hosting Gaming Token Events  Esports  Casino: Blackjack, Poker, Slots, Bingo, Baccarat, Roulette, Dice Game, Craps  Prediction Markets  Entertainment and Movies  Produce and Shops  Housing, Bills, Etc.  (Whitepages) Link: https://amazinyeshuwannacom.files.wordpress.com/2022/02/amazin-yeshuwanna-economy-education-board-game-whitepages.pptx
